Document which projects should go on the ARU page (#3)
African-Robotics-Unit/docs: README.md

If you find yourself explaining a particular workflow as part of a project that you think will be useful in other projects, rather document it on this repo and link to it. Let's lean on the side of "bad documentation which incrementally improves over time" instead of "no documentation and a dead repo"

> ## Projects appropriate for this organisation

Author: Could you clarify what you mean?

> ## Projects appropriate for this organisation

Reviewer: What we aim to do is to discourage students from working on code only on their local machines rather they should be working on code in GitHub. The difference is that some code repositories (e.g. core libraries, drivers, on robot stuff) will have rigorous code standards applied to them while some for instance (experimental code) might not. The experimental code will be managed by students themselves but still be accessible by other members of the ARU

> There many different types of code projects, and it doesn't make sense to host all of them on the ARU organisation. A rough guide to our policy is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different types of code projects, and it doesn't make sense to manage all of them through the ARU structures. A rough guide to our policy is as follows:
```

> Host on the ARU:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed by the ARU:
```

- Libraries: code that has been refactored into a library that gets imported as part of other projects should be kept here. For example, a re-usable Python module which contains general-purpose code for optimisation.
- Projects relating to hardware: many projects (for example, a [robot leg](https://github.com/African-Robotics-Unit/foot-design-project) or [a sensor](https://github.com/African-Robotics-Unit/sensor-logger)) have software/firmware which relates to an evolving system. Multiple people might be working on this system, either collaborating at the same time or one after another. In cases like this, keep the code/docs/etc here, and keep it in sync with the physical system.

> Don't host on the ARU.

Reviewer: Rather than pushing people to host code locally let's encourage the use of experimental branches. We still want to track some experimental code especially if we want to build on other's work. We get branches for free, and given the size of our organisation are not going to run into any scalability issues soon.

I suggest that we create a template repository, that already imports all the aru core libraries and dependencies that will act as a sandbox for every project and get students to branch off that. The branches are not as tightly managed but still remain tracked.  Every few months or so we can look at branches as admins and delete some of the less useful ones or as a student if your experiments lead to nothing you can delete it yourself.

Author: I agree that some experiments should be done as branches, but I don't see why you'd eg branch a library in order to run an experiment which shouldn't be committed to the library? For example, it wouldn't have made sense to branch off the robot leg repository I mentioned a few lines above. Similarly we can use template repositories (eg a Python template) but I don't see the value in branching those off instead of just creating a new repository as per some ARU guidelines

Reviewer: Agree but to a certain extent. From my point of view branches are much easier to manage than entire repos, and given that GitHub does not have a way to smartly organise repos (unlike gitlab) creating repos per experiment can become unsustainable.

Maybe let's rather have the sandbox as a kind of mega repository let's call it ARU_ALL, with folders for each individual library. Managing branches here could be much easier. If you branch off this repo you have access to each library and can use whatever one your experiments need. 

Of course this means that your build time could increase, but they are some smart tools to reduce this using caches  that we can bring in when needed.

> Don't host on the ARU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed individually
```

> - Your own research experiments: aka "sandbox stuff", should be kept on your own private repositories and managed more or less as you want. It can serve as a nice private place to learn about Git/GitHub/etc without worrying about publicly messing up or having to deal with the admin of pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your own research experiments: aka "sandbox stuff", should be kept on your own branches and managed more or less as you want. It can serve as a nice private place to learn about Git/GitHub/etc without worrying about publicly messing up or having to deal with the admin of pull requests.
```

> - Code for papers: again, rather host code and experiments for papers on your own GitHub account (or wherever else makes sense). These will invariably be abandonded after the paper is done, and you might want to showcase them on your own page for career purposes anyway.

Reviewer: Code policy to be discussed so lets leave this out for now
